docs(ui): Easy Trace / Eval notebooks (#3961)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/reference/gen_notebooks/Intro_to_Weave_Hello_Trace.md

:::

# Introduction to Traces

<img src="http://wandb.me/logo-im-png" width="400" alt="Weights & Biases" />

Weave is a toolkit for developing AI-powered applications.

You can use Weave to:
- Log and debug language model inputs, outputs, and traces.
- Build rigorous, apples-to-apples evaluations for language model use cases.
- Organize all the information generated across the LLM workflow, from experimentation to evaluations to production.

Weave traces let you automatically capture the inputs, outputs, and internal structure of your Python functions—especially useful when working with LLMs. By decorating a function with `@weave.op`, Weave records a rich trace of how your function runs, including any nested operations or external API calls. This makes it easy to debug, understand, and visualize how your code is interacting with language models, all from within your notebook.

> To get started, complete the prerequisites. Then, define a Weave model with a predict method, create a labeled dataset and scoring function, and run an evaluation using weave.Evaluation.evaluate().

Reviewer: Copy paste bork

```suggestion
To get started, complete the prerequisites. Then, define a function with the `@weave.op` decorator to track LLM calls, run it on an example input, and Weave will automatically capture and visualize the trace.
```
